[silence]
[gasps]
Hello?
[loud buzzer]
Stop. Don't move.
They can see us.
What is this?
[man] I don't know.
-[girl] Where are we?
-Where do you think?
[woman] Hello?
Oh, my God!
It's all right, okay?
It's all right.
-You're okay.
-Help! Help!
-Just calm down.
-[woman] John.
-You're fine.
-Where are you?
[loud buzzer]
Oh, shit.
Is she dead?
I think so.
Jesus Christ. What was that?
I don't know.
[chime sounds]
What was that?
-[loud buzzer]
-[all gasp]
-Shit.
-[gasping]
What the fuck?
-[man] Everyone freeze!
-Oh, my God.
They can see if we move.
Stand still and we'll be fine.
[shocked muttering]
[chime sounds twice]
[man] Don't lift your feet
off the ground.
[girl] Don't touch anyone.
[chime sounds]
-What's that noise?
-Shh.
[chime sounds]
[woman] Oh, my God.
[all exclaim in fear]
[intense drumbeat]
-Where's that coming from?
-Quiet!
[machine powering up]
[silence]
Okay, now...
-[screaming]
-Calm down. Calm down.
It's no use.
-Susan.
-Bruce?
Everybody calm down.
-[chime sounds]
-[man] You need
to calm down, guys.
Everybody calm the fuck down!
[man 1]
Just... just think, breathe.
[man 2]
What the hell is going on?
[woman] No. No.
[intense drumbeat]
[machine powering up]
[chime sounds]
[man 1] Here we go.
[man 2] Everybody shut up
for one second!
[woman] Does anybody know
what the hell's going on?
-[girl] They're killing us.
-No, it's not them.
Are you guys seeing this?
The lights on the floor.
You see it move?
-I don't see anything.
-Over there.
-[woman] What are you
talking about?
-Look at your hands.
[Asian kid] When you move 'em,
it changes the floor.
[man 2] Oh, shit, yeah.
[woman] I only see one.
Yeah, I only see mine.
I think you can
only see your own.
What did they do to us?
-I think they messed
with our hands.
-[woman 1] What does that mean?
-It's us.
-[woman 2] Us?
-[man] What do you mean?
-We're choosing who dies.
[intense drumbeat]
[chime sounds]
[shocked gasping]
-Fuck!
-[man 1] What happened?
-[man 2] Somebody did it.
-[woman 1] Nobody fucking
do anything.
[man 3]
Well, it's not working, you see?
-[woman 2] We have
to try something.
-Nobody do it!
[woman 2] Okay.
[intense drumbeat]
-[man 1] Goddamn it.
-[man 2] What the hell?
[woman] What is wrong
with you people?
[man 3] All of us,
we're gonna die.
All of us, we're gonna die.
We're all fucked.
[chime sounds]
[woman 1] Oh, my God.
[woman 2] This is unbelievable.
-It's a vote.
-[woman 3] What?
We're voting.
Look, they're killing
whoever gets the most votes.
[man] How do you know that?
Because... Because
the chimes go off
when you close your hands,
and that's when you choose.
-[woman 4] We should
try not doing it again.
-[Asian kid] Forget it.
-Someone's gonna screw it up.
-[woman 5] Wait.
What if we...
What if we vote for her again?
-[woman 6] Yeah,
let's try that, okay?
-Guys, that's not...
-No, it's not gonna work.
-[woman 7] We have
to try something.
[intense drumbeat]
Yeah, everybody, let's vote
for the dead woman again.
-Really?
-Are you serious?
Come on. Come on.
[chime sounds]
[screaming]
-You guys picked
the wrong person.
-No, we didn't.
-[man 1] Guys,
it just doesn't work.
-[woman 1] But why him?
Maybe he got
the second most votes.
Or the most so far?
-We have to try something.
-No, it's not gonna
work, guys, okay?
There's nothing we can do.
We're all screwed.
-Let's try not voting again.
-Please.
-[man 1] It's not gonna work.
-[woman 1] We need to try.
Okay, nobody vote.
Let's wait it out.
How do we know
that won't kill us all?
[intense drumbeat]
Ten, nine, eight, seven,
six, five, four, three...
[silence]
Is it over?
[loud beep]
-Oh, my God!
-Okay, nobody move.
Just, everybody,
let's ride this out.
[screaming, sobbing]
[man 1] If we don't choose,
it chooses on its own.
[man 2]
Somebody needs to do something.
This is not working, obviously.
-What you said,
that didn't make sense.
-Everybody quiet!
Now, there's no reason
for us all to just
keep killing
each other off like this.
Well, what the hell else
are we gonna do, my man?
[woman] We don't have a choice.
What I mean is we can
choose to go about this
in a certain way.
Look, so there's about
a minute or two
between each round.
-That's not a lot of time.
-Yeah, no shit.
Maybe if we spend less time
worrying about
who's gonna die next
and more time
trying to figure this thing out,
we'll get somewhere
and be able to stop this.
[woman] What do you suggest?
Okay, I've been looking
round the circle
and I see... five or six people
in their 70s and 80s.
If this a vote,
I say they go first.
That'll buy us some time.
-[woman 1] Wait a second.
-[man] No, no. Hell, no, man.
[woman 2] Are you serious?
Look, the way I see it,
they'd be the next people
to die in real life, right?
-What's the difference?
-He's right. Old people first.
That's... That's fair.
-How is that fair?
-They'd be
the next to die anyway.
Yeah, of natural causes,
not of us killing them.
-What's the difference?
-This is crazy.
-We have no choice.
-That's fucked up, kid.
It's a fucked-up situation,
but we have to do something.
[man] Which one first?
We'll start with him,
go clockwise after that.
One, two, three...
No, wait a minute.
...four, five, six.
That should buy us ten minutes.
No. No, no.
There has to be another way.
You have a better idea?
Anyone?
I'm sorry. It's the only way.
But I have just as much
of a right to live
as any of you.
-You've lived your life,
old man.
-[intense drumbeat]
Please.
Please!
[screams]
Okay. I know that was hard.
But you all did the right thing.
We're gonna have to make
some difficult decisions.
Just shut up, all right?
We get it.
You wanted to buy some time
and we did that.
Let's not waste it.
Let's figure out
what the hell this is.
Any ideas?
Come on. Somebody?
-What about him?
-Who, me?
Yeah. I mean,
you ought to know
something about this.
-I don't know anything.
-Bullshit.
-Yeah, yeah,
you guys had to know.
-Know about what?
What about
a fucking alien invasion?
I don't know.
-What?
-Look, I know
just as much as you do.
-[man] Bullshit, man.
-I swear, I don't know anything.
Does anybody
remember anything else?
I was in Glendale.
Yeah, I do.
We were stuck in traffic
on the freeway.
-[woman 1] Me too.
-[woman 2] So was I.
Right.
We were trying to get
out of the city,
but it was a total log jam,
so we got out of the car
and started running.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Everybody was running.
Yeah, and then...
and then everything went dark.
[woman] That's what I remember.
[intense drumbeat]
[machine fires, body falling]
-[man] So what happened?
-I was pulled up.
-[woman] Into the ship?
-I... I don't know.
-Tractor beam.
-Fuck.
So are we in the ship now?
Do you think
there are other people
doing this?
Other circles?
[man] They wouldn't go
through all this for 50 of us.
Why would they do this?
I don't know. But the next time
that I could see,
I was in a small room
and everything was red,
like... like a dark room,
and there were a ton of bodies
piled up on one another.
I... I assumed that
they were dead,
but, I don't know,
they might have
just been unconscious.
Everybody but me
and one other guy.
-[woman] An alien?
-No. No, no, no. He was a human.
-Who? One of us?
-I don't know.
I don't see him in here.
Everything else
is kind of a blur.
I just remember
waking up right here
and there was some kind of gas.
-[intense drumbeat]
-I... I think that
we were all drugged.
[man] Does anybody else
remember anything?
-[machine fires, body falling]
-Come on, anybody.
[man] Yeah, yeah, I do.
-You?
-Yeah.
I remember the red room.
And I saw him.
And I saw them.
Well, what did they look like?
Well, they were, er,
big and black.
Dark green, maybe.
And... and... and wet.
And they spoke too.
It sounded almost like Chinese.
-[man 1] Chinese?
-Yeah, Chinese.
Or Japanese maybe.
-[man 2] Chinese aliens?
-Bullshit.
He's lying.
Yeah, he's next in line.
He's just trying
to buy some time.
No, I swear. Tell them.
Tell them you saw me.
-You see? He's full of shit.
-I swear, I'm telling the truth.
-[intense drumbeat]
-Just give me
some time to think.
It's a trick. Don't believe him.
It's coming back to me.
It's coming back.
Numbers. I remember numbers.
And there was something else
that they...
[machine fires, body falling]
-Now, where were we?
-Wait. Who's next in line?
Her. With the hat.
-Who, me?
-Yeah.
-How old are you?
-52.
-That's not old.
-Old enough.
Hey, we said 70 or 80, not 50.
-What's the difference?
-[muttering]
-That's a big difference.
-Come on, lady, you're not 52.
-How old are you?
-Don't lie.
-I'm 52.
-Bullshit.
Yeah. Why is your hair so white?
Chemotherapy. I had cancer.
Aren't you supposed
to be bald, then?
-What kind of cancer?
-Breast cancer.
-So you're dying, then?
-No. It's in remission.
I'm better now.
Are you sure?
Yeah. I beat it.
-It could come back, though.
-What the fuck
is wrong with you?
I'm just saying,
she's more likely
to die than the rest of us.
-That's not true.
-What are you, a doctor, lady?
Actually, yes, I am, asshole.
Look, cancer or not,
she's over 50. She's gonna
have to go eventually.
What?
-We never agreed to that.
-Yeah, no way, man.
Are we gonna start killing off
people over 40 next?
I'm 43. You wanna
kill me next, asshole?
-Hey, you got a problem?
-Yeah, I got a problem.
I think maybe anyone
over the age
of maybe, I don't know, 35
might have a problem.
What do you guys think?
-[intense drumbeat]
-Look, hey, now,
just hold on a second.
Let's...
I'm just trying to help.
Fuck you.
[soldier]
Listen, we can't be afraid
to talk to each other in here.
It's the only way
we're gonna figure out
how to stop this.
Oh, man, we're not
gonna stop this.
We're just fucked.
-[woman 1] We don't know that.
-Exactly. We don't
know anything yet.
If they wanted to kill us,
they would have done that
already, but they didn't.
So let's use this time
and try and figure out why.
[woman 2] Okay. What do we do?
[cancer survivor]
Maybe we should
figure out why they chose us.
-[Asian kid] Chose us?
-Yeah.
Why they picked us
to be in here.
[man 1] It was a giant
space vacuum. I don't think
we were hand-picked.
[man 2] No, he's right.
This is... This is just random.
We don't know that.
Maybe it wasn't random.
Maybe they chose us
for a reason.
There's probably a
zillion people doing the same
thing we're doing right now.
Okay, but it's
just us in here, right?
I think we need to know
more about each other.
Maybe if we do...
this will all make sense.
[soldier] It's worth a shot.
Anybody wanna start?
Yeah. I'll go first.
Hi. I'm Beth.
Erm... I live in Woodland Hills,
California,
but originally
I'm from Richmond, Virginia,
born and raised.
I've worked in human resources
for the past 11 years.
I just kind of fell into it.
I actually went to college
to be an English major.
University of Virginia.
Go, Wahoos.
I'm 36, single, no kids,
but I do have two nephews
from my sister Noreen.
She's actually my twin sister.
What else?
Oh, I have a dog.
Her name is Clootie
and she's a terrier mix.
-And I have two cats,
JJ and Ricky.
-[intense drumbeat]
Oh, my God.
I think that's about it.
Is there anything else
I should say?
No, that's great. Great job.
Who wants to go next?
Fuck!
-At least she didn't have kids.
-Yeah, yeah.
-That's what I was thinking.
-Me too.
[woman 1] So what?
That doesn't matter.
She was still a human being
just like any of you.
-[woman 2] What was her name?
-[man 1] Beth.
[man 2] Maybe we shouldn't
say our names.
[woman 3] Why not?
How does it help?
What's the point
in talking at all, then?
No, no names, he's right.
We don't need
to make this harder
than it already is.
Yeah, yeah.
I mean,
if it's anonymous, it's...
What? Easier to kill everyone?
That's not what I was gonna say.
-I'll say it, then.
-It doesn't matter.
Names aren't necessary.
Someone else should speak.
How about you?
-Me?
-Yeah, you're next in line.
Well, fuck that, man.
I ain't saying shit.
You seen what happened
to her and she didn't say
nothing wrong.
[man 1] Well, someone
should speak.
[man 2] Okay, I will.
I'll try to keep this short.
-My name's Craig...
-[man 1] Hey, no names.
Right. I'm sorry.
Anyway, the reason
I'm saying anything
is because
my wife is standing next to me.
I thought that
would be important. That can't
just be a coincidence, right?
[man 1]
Is anyone else related? Anybody?
-[man 1] Know each other?
-Yes.
I know her. Susan.
[man 1] How?
-We're, er... co-workers.
-Neighbors.
Never mind. It's not important.
Affair. Got it.
Anyway, I just wanted
to ask everyone respectfully,
please don't vote for my wife.
You can vote for me,
but please just spare my wife.
[intense drumbeat]
No.
No, everyone will take that
into consideration.
Okay, thanks.
[chiming]
[machine fires, body falling]
Er... Okay. You go next.
Come on, go.
Hey, you speak English?
Oh, well, he's gone.
It's okay. I speak Spanish.
[man 1] We don't need
a fucking translator.
[man 2] Yeah, I'm sorry,
but he's right,
it's a waste of time.
No, it's not.
[speaks Spanish]
-[man 1] What's he saying?
-[man 2] See?
It's already wasting time.
[translator] No, it's not.
We're all human beings.
[woman 2] Yeah,
we all count the same in here.
We shouldn't kill someone else
over someone who
can't even contribute
to the conversation.
[Asian kid] He's right.
That's not fair.
I mean, I'll bet
he's not even here legally.
[woman] Oh, my God.
What, now you need a green card
to be fucking abducted?
You know what I'm saying.
I mean, he shouldn't
even be here.
What does that matter?
Ask him if he was
in the country legally.
Ask him.
[speaks Spanish]
-[says "no" in Spanish]
-Ah, see?
-[woman] Come on.
It doesn't matter.
-Sure it does.
This guy was probably
hanging out in front of
The Home Depot
with 20 other illegal aliens.
Whatever.
While we were running away
from the ships,
he was running
towards 'em going,
"Trabajo! Trabajo!"
Asshole, these guys
work their asses off
for barely minimum wage.
-[intense drumbeat]
-[man 1] Taking
American people's jobs.
[man 2] Here we go, huh?
[rich man] What,
you don't think I work hard?
[one-armed man]
Yeah, I'm sure your
corner office is a real drag.
[man speaks Spanish]
[man] Hey. Hey.
-[tattooed man] Who, me?
-Yeah, don't I know you?
-Huh! I wonder why.
-[cop] No, seriously.
He asked if we knew
anyone in here.
I know him.
I don't know you, man.
[cop] You're a mechanic
in North Hollywood.
Raul. Raul Jimenez.
I remember you.
-What'd he do?
-I didn't do shit.
He's lying, man.
[cop] He beat
the shit out of his girlfriend.
Really bad.
At least I think
it was his girlfriend.
-Hopefully not any more.
-Come on, man. Serious?
Are you sure it was him?
Yeah. I remember him
'cause of that tattoo
under his right eye.
That teardrop. See it?
-Fuck you, man.
-[doctor] What's it for?
It's for my cousin. He got shot.
By a pig like you.
Yeah, and it's my fault
you guys are criminals.
-[Raul] He was 16.
-One less criminal
on the street.
Fuck you, man.
-Is it true or not?
-About his cousin? I don't know.
-[doctor] No, about him.
-Yeah, it's true. Tell them.
Tell them how you
beat the shit out of her.
And it wasn't the first time
and it won't be
the last time, either.
Tell 'em!
Okay, maybe
we shouldn't stereotype in here.
Bitch got
what she deserved, man.
There he is, see?
These assholes. Man,
these assholes never learn.
She shouldn't have
fucked around on me, man.
Like that makes it okay
to beat the shit out of her.
Oh, yeah? What are you
gonna do, man?
-You gonna shoot me, huh, pig?
-[intense drumbeat]
I don't think I need to.
[woman] Recognize anyone else?
-No, I don't think so.
-[one-armed man] Yeah,
anybody else?
-Unpaid parking tickets?
-[chuckles]
-What if that's important?
-Huh?
Like... maybe we're
supposed to figure out
who's good and who's bad.
[cop] World doesn't
work that way, sweetheart.
[Bruce] That's right.
Too much gray area.
[woman] But maybe
that's what they want us to do.
Kill off certain people.
[rich man] And like, oh, my God,
who's gonna decide? You?
No, not me.
All of us, as a group.
[Asian kid] Kind of
what we're doing already.
Kind of not stopping
this whole thing at all.
We don't know that. It might.
There has to be a reason
behind all of this, right?
Oh, my God, sweetheart.
Not every shitty thing
that happens in this world
has to have a reason behind it.
Maybe they just
wanna fucking watch us
kill each other.
Well, we should
at least consider it.
[Bruce] Consider what?
What she means is...
who deserves to live?
Okay. Based on what?
Based on everything.
Morals, values, what you have
or haven't done in life.
I think we need
to put it all out there.
[man 1] We got plenty of time
standing around debating
everybody's character.
Well, we're here
to do something.
[man] It's to die.
Hey, hey, I got an idea.
How about we...
How about we kill
all the black people next, yeah?
What are you talking about?
Don't play the race card, man.
This is all just fucking chance.
Yeah? Right. That's why
most of us are dead, right?
It's every man
for himself in here.
Yeah, you need to shut up
with this racism stuff, okay?
-Nobody gives a shit
around here.
-I give a shit around here.
Look, I'm just saying,
I'm not fucking next, all right?
Y'all done
reached your minority quota.
That's fair.
This guy. Man, you see anything
fair going on in here?
This is the exact fucking
opposite of fair!
Okay. We'll see.
Don't look at me, man.
You started this shit.
Come on, man.
You know I'm right, bro.
Think about it.
They'll kill
each and every one of us off
until there's none of us left.
[husband] Come on, man.
Plenty of white people
are dead too.
Come on, man.
There's plenty more
still alive too.
What exactly are you
trying to do with this?
Make yourself a target?
Because that's exactly
what you're doing.
Yeah, real smart.
You don't see me
counting Asians.
-Well, maybe you should try.
-Don't fall for this
racism bullshit.
He's just trying
to save his own ass.
You damn right,
you uptight asshole.
So what?
So, what, you feel like
you deserve a free pass
because you're fucking black?
Nobody cares.
Exactly. Nobody gives a shit.
-I ain't talking
to your stupid ass.
-I'm trying to help you, bro!
You shut the fuck up
talking to me, man.
It's not gonna fucking
help you in here.
Right, 'cause it usually
helps me out there, right?
Here we go.
Let's all feel bad
for the black guy.
'Cause he had to struggle
so much more than we did.
All right, just drop it.
Like you people
don't get enough help.
-What the fuck you just say?
-[cop] You guys
are all the same.
You run around,
you just want people
to hand you things
like you fucking earned it.
That's what's wrong
with this country now.
Socialist bullshit.
[intense drumbeat]
What? You want
some reparations too?
I mean, Jesus Christ,
give me a fucking break
around here!
I think we need to keep
our personal prejudices
out of this.
-It's not helping the situation.
-[woman] They don't
matter any more.
No, no, hell, no,
they absolutely matter, to me.
I'm not gonna die
so some racist can live.
Everything, every single thing
needs to be out there
on the table.
[man] Yeah, so if we could have
all the racists step forward,
that'd be great.
Look, whatever your race,
ethnicity, nationality,
it's not important.
What's important
is that collectively
we figure out how to stop this.
-We're on the same team here.
-Are we, though?
-We all wanna live, don't we?
-[teenage girl] Yeah.
So let's work together.
We can't keep
turning against each other.
-Yeah, that's what
they want us to do.
-[soldier] I think she's right.
That's what this about.
They want us
to play their little game.
-Maybe they're
watching us right now.
-[man] Studying us.
-Let's not give them
what they want.
-[woman 1] Exactly.
[woman 2] Any ideas?
[soldier] What happens
if we force a tie?
-We tried that.
-[soldier] We tried
not voting at all.
There'd be more time
between rounds.
[wife] Okay, everybody
vote for yourself.
[cancer survivor]
How do we do that?
Well, you can't
vote for yourself.
It doesn't let us.
[soldier] All right,
then everybody vote for
the person to your right, then.
-[woman] The living person.
-[soldier] Don't vote
for empty spaces.
If we do it right,
we should all get
exactly one vote.
[woman] Okay.
[man] Ten, nine, eight, seven,
six, five, four,
three, two, one...
-No!
-Oh, fuck!
-Damn it!
-It didn't work.
-What happened?
-We screwed up.
Let's try it again.
It won't work.
They thought of everything!
Did you vote for the person
to your right or your left?
I did right, this way.
[man]
Well, somebody messed it up.
Somebody just made a mistake.
Okay, look, we have
to try this again.
[soldier] All right.
Very carefully this time.
Everybody vote for the arrow
that points to the person
on your right.
Got it?
[intense drumbeat]
Sweetie, you see that arrow?
This arrow. You're gonna...
You're gonna
pick that arrow, okay?
[pregnant woman] You're okay.
No, we're all gonna be okay,
I promise. Okay?
[intense drumbeat]
-[gasping]
-[man 1] Come on!
[man 2] It's a tie.
Everyone vote again!
[pregnant woman sobs]
[black man]
What the fuck just happened?
-[man] They tied.
-[woman] How?
We all got
the same number of votes, right?
No, we didn't.
How do you know?
'Cause I voted for him.
-What are you...
-Why would you do that?
Because he voted
for the pregnant girl.
I saw him.
If I didn't vote for him,
she'd be dead.
-[rich man] You sure?
-Yes.
Why would he do that?
Look, we all know
that we can't vote
for ourselves, right?
Well, what do you think happens
when we get down
to the last person left?
One of us gets to live.
It's a game.
It's process of elimination.
The last man standing
gets to walk out of here alive.
[woman] Or woman.
[cancer survivor]
Why would they do that?
I don't know.
But between the kid
and the pregnant girl,
I'm sure that guy figured
it's most likely gonna come down
to one of them in the end.
If we get rid of them,
we'll all have a better chance.
[one-armed man] You know what?
If he's right. If one of us do
get to walk out of here,
it should be one of them.
-Why's that?
-'Cause it's common sense.
People, come on.
Things are different in here.
Women and children first?
I'm sorry, but that shit
doesn't matter any more.
Look at the pregnant woman.
She counts as two people.
[rich man] One of them's
gonna die eventually, so...
-[Asian kid] Which one?
-[intense drumbeat]
It's okay. It's okay.
It's gonna be okay.
[pregnant woman] No! No!
-No!
-Come on, come on, come on.
-Don't do anything.
-They'll both die.
[rich man]
We have to know what happens.
[child cries]
[body falls, child shrieks]
What is wrong with you people?
She's just a kid.
Why would you go after her?
[Asian kid] Well, one of 'em
has to die.
We need to decide.
[translator] No, we don't.
We should just leave 'em
out of this
for as long as possible.
-Let's just forget about it.
-No, we can't do that,
not any more.
-[man] Why not?
-It's too dangerous for them.
-They've been exposed.
-Come on.
No one is going to
vote for them again, right?
She's never heard
of birth control,
so she gets to live?
We need to come
to a majority decision
before each elimination
otherwise they are constantly
gonna be in jeopardy.
He's right.
We need to protect them now.
We don't even know
what kind of a kid she is.
I mean, what if
she's a miserable brat?
-She's like ten.
-Hey, kid. You get good grades?
-Uh-huh.
-Yeah. Straight As?
[intense drumbeat]
Oh, my God, she got a B.
Let's kill her.
Look, at least one of them
is gonna have to die.
So we should decide now.
[both cry]
Just kill 'em both.
Just fucking kill 'em...
[screaming]
What about volunteers?
-What?
-[woman] Volunteers?
[Asian kid] Are you nuts?
I don't know.
Maybe someone
wants to step forward.
[man] I'll do it.
-Why?
-[rich man] Now, wait a minute.
He doesn't have to tell you
or anybody else why.
He's volunteered.
That's enough.
[cancer survivor]
I wanna know why.
Lady, it's none
of your business.
[Bruce] Hey, let him answer.
[cancer survivor] Why?
I guess I just don't
wanna kill anyone.
-How old are you?
-16.
-No. Someone else.
-What do you mean, someone else?
-He's a fucking kid, man.
-He's 16. That's old enough.
-Old enough to what, to die?
-To make your own decisions.
He's a stupid kid.
He doesn't know any better.
I don't care.
If you volunteer, you volunteer.
-It's his choice
if he wants to die.
-Yeah, yeah, that's right.
If someone wants to volunteer,
we should respect that,
no matter who it is.
Son, what's your name?
-I'm Shaun.
-Shaun.
Are you sure that
you wanna volunteer?
[man] No.
I'll do it.
-It's fine.
-[intense drumbeat]
[machine fires, body falling]
Well, this is gonna be
a whole lot easier if we
can get a few volunteers.
Easier for who? You?
Look, we gotta take control
of the... the situation,
and this is the best way.
I mean, hey, if we're all
gonna die, it might as well
be on our own terms.
Yeah, yeah,
that'll teach
those fucking aliens.
Hey, we're doing
what we can, man.
Yeah, it's the best idea we got.
-Then you volunteer.
-I don't see you
stepping forward.
We should all step forward.
I mean, everybody but her.
So mass suicide, then?
That's great. Let's do that.
Hey, kid, you still
wanna volunteer?
[man] No.
Yes.
You're a fucking hero, kid,
you know that?
-Yeah, right.
-[rich man] No, I'm serious.
Look, if I make it out of here,
I'm naming my next kid
after you.
[intense drumbeat]
-Thanks, Scott.
-Thank you, Scott.
[machine fires, body falling]
[cries]
Fucking assholes.
You knew his name was Shaun.
-Whatever. The kid's a hero.
-[Asian kid] He bought us
two minutes.
-Somebody toss him
a Purple Heart.
-All right, enough.
[soldier] What?
What are you looking at me for?
You think it should be me?
I was in Afghanistan
for the past two years
risking my life
to keep the rest of you safe.
I just got back two days ago.
I was on my way
to see my family.
I got a seven-month-old...
who doesn't even know who I am.
My wife...
I haven't seen my wife in...
I'm not fucking dying in here.
I'm not.
I'm going home to them.
[cancer survivor] Don't worry.
I'm not voting for you.
[woman] Me neither.
[black man] Yeah,
we're gonna
get out of here, man.
-Yeah, sure we are.
-[black man] Come on, man.
No, you come on, man.
He knows the truth.
-We all do.
Let's just accept it.
-Just stop.
You're gonna die, dude.
We all are.
-Time is running out.
-[man] Yeah.
We still need a volunteer.
Anybody.
I volunteer.
My son, Oscar,
he passed away last year.
He was riding his motorcycle.
It's okay.
I forgive her.
-You'll see him again.
-You think?
Absolutely.
Okay.
I go in peace.
Bye, everybody.
-Goodbye.
Goodbye.
[machine fires, body falling]
"You'll seem
him again. Absolutely."
-Bullshit.
-[Asian kid] Yeah, seriously.
He was just trying
to give her some peace
in her last moments of life.
There's nothing wrong with that.
She sacrificed herself
so that others could live.
That doesn't go unnoticed.
-Says who?
-Says God.
-How do you know?
-I'm a minister.
God is watching over all of us.
He has a plan.
We just have to have faith.
-Amen.
-[Asian kid] Enough, man.
I'm sorry?
With all due respect...
that's just bullshit.
Standing around there
talking about faith
when people are being
blasted to shit left and right.
-That's fucking ridiculous.
-[man] Hey, man...
If there is a God,
he doesn't give a shit
about any of us!
-That's not true.
-Oh, my God,
we're all dying in here.
This shit's not gonna end
until this motherfucker
gets all of us, okay?
So you wanna have faith
in something?
Have faith in this!
Okay? Because that's God
in here now, right?
That's God, right now, in here.
So pray to him
or ask him, even better.
I mean, what does
thou sayeth, God?
Who among us will get to go
to your divine kingdom?
-Hey, take it easy.
-[atheist] Or what?
You gonna fucking kill me
'cause I have an opinion?
Just as valid as yours, man.
Looking around this room,
actually, I think I might
have some friends.
I think people agree with me.
[husband] 95 percent of people
believe in God.
You're in the minority.
Yeah, well,
95 percent of people are idiots.
Are you calling us idiots?
[intense drumbeat]
I'm not calling anybody idiots,
all right?
All I'm saying is this.
If there is a God,
is this something... Does this
seem like he would allow this?
Is this something he would do?
You fuckers are gonna kill me
because you're afraid I'm right?
What are you doing?
You're fucking cowards, huh?
Wait, please. I didn't
even say anything wrong.
-He did.
-Who the fuck is this?
[machine fires, body falling]
[one-armed man]
Looks like God
just cut you a break.
[Bruce]
Yeah, for another
two fucking minutes.
Guys, I know this girl.
Don't I know you?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I know you from somewhere.
-Me?
-Yeah. Are you an actress?
You're so familiar.
No, I'm not an actress.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Stacy something.
-No, Christina.
-Christina...
-Christina?
-Yeah.
Wait a minute.
Is Stacy your stage name, then?
No, I told you,
I'm not an actress.
That's what it is, right.
Guys, actress, porn star.
I get it now.
It's a huge difference.
What? I'm not a porn star.
Hey, I don't think anybody cares
around... around here, you know?
I mean, I just couldn't
figure it out before.
Now I know.
-What?
-[exhales] I'm a huge fan.
What the fuck are you doing?
I don't do porn.
I don't think it's a problem.
Everybody's gotta make a living.
-I don't have a problem with it.
-I don't do porn.
All right, whatever.
I'm just trying to pay her
a compliment.
He's lying.
I gotta be honest with you,
you know, I mean,
I did like you better, though,
before your enhancements,
because now it's just like,
"Wha-bam! Look at
these bad boys."
-He's lying.
-[atheist] Are they real?
-That is none of
your fucking business.
-Are you saying they're real?
So what? Half the girls
in LA have big boobs.
Yeah, and I'm sure
it's great for business.
-I don't do porn!
-Who paid for them?
Tell them, go ahead.
It's okay, sweetheart.
Who paid for them?
Was it your employer?
-No.
-No?
-I mean, he did.
-He did?
But it's not like that.
Now it's getting
really difficult to decide.
No, David is my boss,
but we're also...
-I am not...
-Uh-huh.
You see, Stacy over here thought
if she gets those double Ds,
David's gonna love her.
I mean, he's gonna love her way
more than his own wife and kids.
I mean, who cares
if they're already a family?
It's never stopped you before,
has it?
What, are you gonna
run off with him?
Gonna have a bunch of kids
on your own?
Settle down by the beach?
Is that what
you're gonna do, Stacy?
[crying]
[intense drumbeat]
[machine fires, body falling]
[man] I think we should
take into account
if people have families.
Children.
[Asian kid] Why?
How many kids do you have?
I have seven.
-Of course you do.
-Yeah, I got 12.
-Yeah, I got 27.
-Now, now, come on, seriously.
Shouldn't that be taken
into consideration?
-Yeah. Yeah, we have a daughter.
-Yeah. Emily.
-She's three.
-We all got families.
Your kids ain't gonna
save you in here.
Hey, and I'm not asking
to be saved.
I... I'm just saying...
if you don't have children,
maybe you should volunteer.
I think that's reasonable.
Yeah, well, maybe some of us
wanna have kids someday.
Yeah, well, I still am a kid.
Yeah, me too.
And I think
that if you don't have children,
you should do the right thing
and step forward.
How old are you?
What, me? 35. But I have a kid.
-Just one child?
-Yeah, a daughter.
-You married?
-Yes.
-What does your husband do?
-I don't...
You don't what?
Why the sudden interest in me?
We're all just being honest.
I just thought
I'd ask you a question.
Well, I'm not on trial,
so how about
you tell us about your life?
-[intense drumbeat]
-Easy. 41.
I've got two boys,
an 18-month-old baby daughter.
Been married to
the same amazing woman
for 12 years. Erm...
That's it. Your turn.
Shit.
Still waiting.
I raised my
four younger siblings
during my father's
heroin addiction and mother's
clinical depression,
then attended Vassar
under a work/study scholarship
before serving
in the Peace Corps
for three years in Nepal
and then returned to the US
where I've worked
for a non-profit ever since.
Okay, but you still
haven't answered
my question.
-What does your husband do?
-I have a wife.
Oh! So you're a lesbian.
Yeah. So what?
Doesn't make any difference.
That's not necessarily true.
So she's gay. Big deal.
What's the matter?
You think it's okay for a child
to be raised with two gay moms?
It's not fucking 1950, dude.
Yeah, seriously,
mind your own business.
What, you think it's okay
to raise a baby girl
in that environment?
Two gay moms
having sex all over the place?
It's not as bad as two men,
but it's still wrong.
Maybe it's a good thing
that you're here.
You're gonna give
that little girl a chance
to have a normal life.
Whoa, come on, man.
Where are you going with this?
-I'm not homophobic
or anything...
-[woman] Yeah, right.
Do you think that
this is someone
worth dying for?
I know a lot of you
are religious.
This country was based
on family values.
-This is a woman who has sinned.
-[scoffs]
Doesn't that mean something?
-We've all sinned.
-Yes, but some more than others.
I mean, maybe
that's the whole point
of this thing.
Maybe if we figure out
who the sinner is amongst us
that maybe
this whole thing will end.
I mean, we have no idea
what these aliens want.
I mean, maybe that's the answer.
So aliens want me to die
because I'm gay?
Look, nothing personal.
I'm just trying
to get this to stop.
-You think I'm the only one?
-[intense drumbeat]
Cowards.
My son's gay.
And there's not a damn thing
wrong with him.
-[husband] What if
he had a point?
-Just drop it already.
No, no, not about the gay stuff.
I mean, what if one of us dies,
the one they want,
and this all ends?
Jesus. We just keep
going in circles.
Why would they
single one of us out?
[bearded man] We have a problem.
What?
Well, this guy said that
one of us might make it
out of here alive, right?
-Yeah.
-Because we can't
vote for ourselves.
Right.
Well, I'd like to know
what's gonna happen
when there's
only two people left.
What do you mean?
If there's only two people left,
you can only vote
for the other person.
-Shit, they would tie.
-And they would both die.
No. No, no, no. Not necessarily.
One person doesn't have to vote.
-What?
-A sacrifice.
-Yes.
-What does that mean?
It means that if it comes down
to one of us and one of them,
we don't vote.
Somebody would have to
sacrifice themself
to save the other.
Yeah, right.
And who would do that?
I would.
-[black man] Sure you would.
-I would. Wouldn't you?
I really don't know
what I would do.
Let's hope it doesn't
come down to you, then.
At least he's being honest.
In here the truth
gets you killed.
In here everything
We should pick someone
we can trust.
We can't trust anyone in here.
I think we know that by now.
Well, somebody's gonna
have to do it.
We should decide.
We don't have
to decide anything.
Whoever's left in the end
will make that decision.
What if it comes down
to the two of them?
-[intense drumbeat]
-Well, then,
they'll have to decide.
Or we can decide for them.
[intense drumbeat]
You should have never married
that asshole.
I know.
Together?
[bodies falling, child whimpers]
[cancer survivor] What happened?
-[one-armed man] They tied.
-[Asian kid] How romantic.
I thought if no one voted,
it chose randomly.
[one-armed man]
Not in a tie, I guess.
See? They both can't live.
That means
one of them has to go.
-They're not going anywhere.
-[bearded man]
One of them has to die.
You guys want them to decide?
A little kid? That's too much
responsibility for a child.
Yeah, he's right.
We need to be the ones to do it.
-Do what?
-He wants us
to kill one of them.
I'm just saying
we do what needs to be done.
Bullshit! You're just
trying to save
your own fucking ass.
It doesn't save me
any more than it saves you,
but it guarantees that one of us
will make it out of here alive,
otherwise we will all die.
[soldier]
Listen, this is a trick,
all right?
Once he gets one of them
out of the way,
he'll just go after the other.
Don't fall for his bullshit.
If we had to choose
one of 'em...
who would it be?
What do you do?
-What?
-[one-armed man] Come on, man.
Hey, it's a fair question.
-What do you mean,
like for work?
-Yeah.
Of course it'd be the guy
in the sweater vest
to start this class bullshit.
Hey, hey, hey,
we're trying to decide
who deserves to live, right?
And career choice
is the way to do that.
I'm just saying that some people
contribute more to society
than others.
Who cares what she does?
She's pregnant,
that's what matters.
There are plenty of babies.
I mean,
people have lots of babies.
The world has enough
single moms on welfare.
-She might be unemployed.
-So what?
That doesn't matter.
What does your husband do?
-What?
-The daddy. The baby daddy.
What does he do?
Do you even know
who the father is?
-Yes, I know who the father is.
-Yeah, but you
aren't married, huh?
Look, he's... We're waiting.
Waiting for what?
For him to get out of prison?
-Oh, come on.
-He's not in jail.
[intense drumbeat]
Okay, so what does he do
for a living, then?
Enough with the inquisition.
What do you do?
-I work for a bank.
-[one-armed man] Of course
you do.
We lend people money
to start their own businesses.
Does anybody here
have their own business?
-How much
did you make last year?
-I'm not talking about salaries.
You were the one that started
talking about the jobs.
No, I'm talking about being a
contributing member of society.
Now, I work my ass off
every single day
and I never, never take handouts
from anyone.
I lend people money
to live their dreams.
And outside of work
I contribute a significant
amount of money to charity.
Well, that's easy
when you're
pulling down six figures.
Oh, uh-huh,
and what do you do?
-I'm a graduate student.
-Uh-huh. In?
Psychology.
Well, that's useful.
How about you? What do you do?
-Fuck off, dickhead.
-What do you do?
You collect your
disability checks?
Listen, guy, if you're
trying to get us
to not vote for you,
you're going about it
the wrong way.
-[translator] Seriously.
-[banker] Look, look, look.
We need to come up
with some sort of metric here.
-Some way to decide who lives.
-[whispers in Spanish]
All I know is if one of us
gets to live,
it's gonna be one of those two,
at least if I have anything
to say about it.
[intense drumbeat]
[whispers in Spanish]
[body falling]
[bearded man] Well, I think
we all know what that means.
Yeah, yeah, he's right.
She's gone. He should be next.
How nice. Two for one.
-Seriously.
-I mean, somebody
has to go, right?
Don't you see
what they're doing here?
They just killed her
to get the majority
back in their favor.
-They knew that
she was on our side.
-What side?
-Yeah, there aren't
any sides here.
-Really?
So you've never voted
for the two of them?
-No, of course not.
-Bullshit.
You don't know who's
voting for who in here.
None of us do.
I think we have
a pretty good idea.
People, please, if they get
the majority back on their side,
they will kill both of them.
That's what they want,
to get them out of the way.
Only the rest of us
can stop that from happening.
You're paranoid, man.
Okay, who's with me?
The two girls plus me,
that's... that's three.
There's 16 of us left in here.
We just need six more
to get to nine.
-That's enough.
-Nine what?
-Nine votes for a majority.
-Exactly.
[soldier]
I'm in.
Good, good. Five more.
-Everybody understand?
-This is crazy.
It's not gonna work.
[cancer survivor]
All right, I'm in.
-So am I.
-Okay, that's six.
We need three more.
What about you guys?
What exactly are you
asking us to do?
-We're asking you to help us.
-Yeah, but how?
Look, they are gonna vote
for one of those two girls
each and every time.
Eventually they're gonna get
what they want.
-[soldier] Unless we stop them.
-Stop them how?
-By block voting.
-Yeah, man,
it's just playing defense.
-He's right,
there's no other way.
-It's just a numbers game now.
This is ridiculous!
Are you with me?
-[intense drumbeat]
-What do we do?
No one's voting
for them this round, okay?
Yeah, we said the guy
who doesn't speak any English.
He can't help us now,
so once he's gone, we can
all discuss what to do next.
[bearded man] You all know
what needs to be done!
[child cries]
[banker] Vote for the kid.
It's the only chance
that we have!
[screams]
Goddamn it!
You're fucking pathetic, man.
You'd kill a kid
to save your own life.
That's right,
I wanna live, just like you.
No, not just like me.
I wouldn't do that.
Oh, yeah, well, we'll see
what you do when
it's your ass on the line.
No, I don't think you will.
What's that supposed
to mean, huh?
What, you're gonna kill me now?
Why? Because I wanna live, huh?
I'm a fucking bad person
because I don't wanna
fucking die in here?
Well, you know what? Fine.
You wanna play games?
I'll play your game.
I say we get rid of
both of them right now,
starting with the kid.
That gives us all a chance
to walk out of here alive.
Now, I know I'm not the only one
in here that wants to do that.
He's right.
There's 15 of us left.
All we need is six
to even the playing field.
-This isn't a game.
-No, it's not.
But you decided
to make it a game
when you chose sides.
Well, we chose.
We just chose the side that said
everyone in here is equal.
No one's special.
You of all people
should understand that.
-Hey, you.
Don't you love your wife?
-Of course I do.
Well, don't you want to give her
a chance to get out of here?
How's that gonna happen
if you're on their side?
[bearded man] Listen to him.
If you choose their side,
you're just sentencing
your wife to death.
Our way will give her
a chance to live.
-Right.
-I...
-Yeah, yeah, but...
-But nothing!
Do you wanna save her or not?
Okay, okay, fine! We're in!
-Me too.
-What?
We're all equal. He's right.
-Okay. That's... That's five.
-We just need three more.
-[intense drumbeat]
-Everybody vote for the kid.
-[soldier] We're voting for you.
[banker] Come on, people.
Don't you wanna live?
[screams]
All right, make them tie again.
They'll both die. That's fair.
-What?
-He's right.
We'll take that trade.
-What are you doing?
-[soldier] Don't do it.
She's a kid!
[child cries]
[black man]
Fuck. What just happened?
[one-armed man]
You lost, assholes.
[black man] Fuck you.
Why didn't they tie?
[husband] Why did they tie
the first time
and not the second?
[bearded man]
Somebody changed their vote.
[husband] Who?
Why don't you ask your wife?
-It was you?
-No.
I mean, yes, but...
[bearded man] Why'd you switch?
I didn't. I just didn't vote
the second time.
I couldn't. I'm sorry.
[soldier] Right,
because you're a good person.
[husband]
Hey, stay out of this, okay?
Look, listen, lady,
nobody said this was
going to be easy,
but it needs to be done.
Yeah, listen,
they both can't live anyway.
He's right. One of them is
going to have to die eventually.
We need to band together,
otherwise they're gonna win.
There's no winning here, man.
We all lose, okay?
And that's fine.
We've had plenty of time
to accept that.
There's only one thing left
that we can do,
and that's go out of here
with some dignity.
And maybe we can save two people
instead of one.
[husband]
He's not talking about her.
He's talking about getting R-I-D
of the K-I-D
sooner rather than later.
-[man] Think she can spell.
-We just need
to get this over with.
Rip the Band-Aid off.
Why drag it out?
-You're outnumbered, man.
-That's right. It's over.
Okay.
You wanna live, right?
Yeah.
-But I don't...
-Wanna kill a little kid.
It's okay.
Fine, everybody vote
for the guy with one arm.
-Oh, please, man.
-No, no, no, listen, listen.
If we get rid of him,
it'll even things out
and we'll actually have
more time
to talk about this.
There's nothing left
to talk about.
Listen, you're just trying
to buy yourself more time.
I'm trying to buy
everybody some time.
[intense drumbeat]
All right, what the hell
just happened?
What does that mean?
It means
the tables have turned, bitch.
[bearded man]
People are starting
to see things clearly.
[soldier] Who did that?
GI Joe next.
He's the leader of the pack.
Kill him first,
the rest'll cave.
Great idea.
There's only 13 of us left.
We only need seven.
[cancer survivor] What do we do?
[black man]
There's nothing you can do.
We've got the majority now.
Let's vote for her.
-What?
-He wants to protect her?
-Let's put him to the test.
-Hey, hey, hey.
Wait a minute, okay?
-Everybody do it. He'll switch.
-No, wait. Give me a second.
-Be reasonable, man.
-I am being reasonable.
-You wanna give your wife
a chance?
-Yeah.
Then do the right thing.
-Otherwise she's got
30 seconds to live.
-No!
[bearded man]
There's no right thing in here.
Yes, there is. We all know it.
Listen, you kill me,
you'll die and she'll die next.
We all know that.
-Come on.
-Do you love your wife or not?
Come on, please!
Fuck, okay, yes, I'll switch!
Fucking pick somebody else!
-Wait, wait, wait.
-Everybody vote
for the black guy.
-[intense drumbeat]
-Wait, what? Fuck y'all, man!
Of course.
True love conquers all.
[soldier] You're out of options,
my friend.
[bearded man] Yeah? Well,
you all just killed yourselves.
Congratulations.
You, you, you. You all did this.
And you...
You just killed your wife.
-I hope you're happy.
-I did what I had to do.
Yeah, well, now she's gonna die
because of you.
At least my way
gave her a chance.
-Just shut the fuck up, man.
-[husband] Yeah, man,
just drop it.
-They're probably
not even married.
-What?
I mean, think about it.
What are the odds of them
being the only
married couple in here?
Those other two knew each other.
-So they said.
-That's not gonna work, dude.
So you're saying
that they're married
and they just happen
to be placed
right next to each other?
Uh-uh. Think about it, people.
Isn't it possible that they just
made this whole thing up?
-No.
-[Christina] Why would they lie?
To survive. Nobody wants to kill
someone's wife or husband.
Especially right in
front of each other.
They just made this
whole thing up
to get our sympathy.
-You're crazy.
-Am I?
How long have you been married?
-Five years.
-What's his parents' names?
-Erm... Mark and Lisa.
-Where'd she go to college?
UCLA.
When's his birthday?
-Er... April.
-[bearded man] April...
9th. April 9th.
What's his name?
What?
What is your husband's name?
-He already said his name.
-[bearded man] That's right,
he did.
-When?
-The first time he spoke.
He said his name.
Just drop it, man, okay?
What's his name?
-[Christina] She doesn't know.
-[bearded man]
Of course she doesn't.
Yes, of course she does.
She's just not gonna play
your fucking games!
Let's put 'em in a tie
and see what happens.
[husband] What?
If they're married,
there's no way
they will vote for each other.
[intense drumbeat]
Okay. We made it up.
-But it was her fucking idea.
-What?
Yeah, yeah.
I just went along with it.
No, he said it first.
I had nothing to do with it.
-Come on! She's a liar.
Look at her.
-Please don't kill me.
No, kill this bitch!
[cries]
-Why are you crying?
-Just shut the fuck up,
all right?
[bearded man]
You shouldn't have lied to us.
I didn't lie.
Yes, you did.
You said you were married.
I am married, just not to him.
And I do have a daughter, Emily.
I didn't lie about that.
[bearded man] How many people
do you think were married,
had husbands, wives kids?
You had no problem
with killing any of them.
-[wife] I didn't kill them.
-[bearded man] Yes, you did.
We all did.
But, listen, you still
have a chance
to make it out of here.
There's 11 of us left.
We just need six votes.
If you join our side,
I promise I will keep you alive.
Don't listen to him.
He's just trying to use you.
[bearded man]
Hey, you wanna get out of here?
You wanna go back home
and see your real husband,
see Emily?
Yeah.
Good.
How about you?
Whose side are you on?
What, you don't speak?
Okay, he doesn't wanna tell us
who he's voting for,
and that's fine,
I understand that.
Nobody wants to make
enemies in here.
I'm gonna go ahead
and say that he's on our side.
You have a daughter, don't you?
What's her name?
Chloe.
That's a beautiful name, Chloe.
-You wanna see her again?
-Obviously.
-And your partner?
-Wife.
-Amelia.
-Chloe and Amelia.
Do you wanna see
both of them again?
-I'm sorry.
-[soldier] Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
[bearded man] Hey, that's five.
We just need one more.
[intense drumbeat]
-Come on, people. One more.
-Who are we voting for?
-The army guy.
-No! Pick somebody else.
-Cancer lady.
-What?
No, no, no.
All right, you all know
who to vote for.
Shit!
Fuck. All right.
[bearded man] Fuck.
[bodies falling]
Holy shit.
What do we do?
Listen, it's okay. It's okay.
Okay, there's seven of us left.
All we need is four.
One, two, three...
Is it a boy or a girl?
I don't know.
[bearded man]
Don't you wanna find out?
Yes, of course I do.
All it takes is one vote.
It's really that simple.
Just once.
No.
No, don't, please.
Please.
-Please.
-No, no, I won't do it.
I will not do it.
Well, then,
you're killing your own child.
How about you, man?
You wanna live?
You know where I stand.
-What about you?
-Jesus Christ.
What do you think?
Forgive me.
No! Don't!
Yes! Jesus Christ.
Thank you, Jesus.
That... Okay, so it's...
There's three to three.
There's no way
you can protect them now.
Yeah? Okay, well,
we'll see about that.
You realize
that it's you or them, right?
-So be it.
-You're volunteering?
If I go, you go.
Okay. How about this?
I'll make you a deal.
You give me one of them
and I'll give you her.
-What?
-[bearded man] We'll trade.
Which one do you want?
Either one.
Doesn't matter to me.
[pregnant woman] What?
What are you doing?
Okay, deal. Deal.
You get the little girl,
I get the phony wife.
The three of us will
vote for her, the three of you
will vote for her.
-How do I know I can trust you?
-No.
We'll... We'll vote in order.
One, two, three.
-Okay, deal.
-Wait a second.
It's okay. Listen,
trust me, just...
Okay, I'll go first.
-There must be trust.
-I don't know about this.
It's okay. It's okay.
I got you this far.
-Okay.
-Let's do it.
Okay.
-What are you doing?
-Just do it.
No, no.
[bearded man] Okay, now her.
[bearded man]
Okay, it's your turn. Go.
Hey, go. It's your turn.
-What are you doing?
It's your turn.
-[bearded man]
Come on, man, vote.
-[wife] Hurry!
-What are you doing?
Vote for the kid.
-Vote!
-Are you nuts? Vote!
-[wife] Vote, please!
Please vote!
-What's he doing? Vote.
-What are you doing?
Come on, vote.
Please vote! Vote!
[machine fires]
Jesus Christ.
Why didn't you vote?
[man] Because he doesn't vote.
-Never has, not once.
-[bearded man] What?
He's never even said a word,
never voted, and he's
made it all this way.
Dumb fucking luck.
Maybe.
Maybe not.
What?
-Maybe it was no accident.
-What are you talking about?
I think that there's a reason
why he's still alive.
Yeah, because he's been hiding,
hoping we wouldn't notice him.
Well, guess what, buddy?
Your time's up.
There's nowhere
left for you to hide.
No. No, I don't think that's it.
Then what?
Think about it.
He's the only person in here
who has never voted.
So he's survived this long
just because
he hasn't participated?
I don't know. Could be.
That's the answer to all this?
So... what does...
what does that mean,
that he... he gets to live?
Maybe.
[bearded man]
Does that make him untouchable?
There's one way
to know for sure.
[chime sounds]
[bearded man]
Yeah. Let's see what happens.
If we vote for him,
maybe all this will stop.
[intense drumbeat]
Come on.
Wait...
[pregnant woman]
So you made all that up?
No, no.
He's never voted.
I don't think so.
At least, that and he's
never said a word.
I mean, not that
I can remember.
I don't think
he wants to give them anything.
We've already given them enough.
Do you want us to vote for you?
He knows we don't have a choice.
[intense drumbeat]
[machine fires, body falling]
[girl cries]
[sighs]
Why are they doing this to us?
It's some kind
of experiment, I guess.
[pregnant woman] And that's it?
Yeah, maybe. I mean,
maybe they just wanted
to learn about us.
Learn what?
I don't know.
Maybe just to see
what we would do
and who we would choose and why.
For what?
To understand us,
what we value, what we don't,
what matters to us.
By making us kill each other.
When we kill someone,
we're judging them
and we're saying
that there's something
wrong with them.
I think that's what
they've been looking for.
[pregnant woman]
So what do we do now?
That's up to the two of you.
-But how do we choose?
-I don't know.
But once I'm gone, one of you
is gonna have to step forward,
otherwise you'll both die.
But you're gonna have
to decide for yourselves.
I can't do it for you.
You don't have much time.
I'll go.
[both cry]
-For the baby, right?
-Uh-huh.
It's very brave of you.
What's your name?
-Katie.
-Okay, Katie,
we'll go together, okay?
Okay. Okay.
It has to end this way.
[intense drumbeat]
There's no more time. Do it!
[machine fires, bodies falling]
[sighs]
Fuck. Come on.
[intense drumbeat]
Of course.
Of course. All that...
All that for nothing.
All that.
What's the matter, huh?
What, I'm not
good enough for you?
What? I'm not
the one that you wanted?
I'm exactly the same
as everybody else in here.
They all got to
make their own choices.
They chose to kill each other.
That's what you
wanted to see, right? Huh?
Well, there you go,
congratulations. We're assholes.
Fuck you.
[heartbeat]
[machine fires]
[gasps]
[man] We all know that
we can't vote
for ourselves, right?
Well, what do you think happens
when we get down
to the last person left?
It's a game.
It's process of elimination.
The last man standing
gets to walk out of here alive.
Between the kid
and the pregnant girl,
I'm sure it's most likely gonna
come down to
one of them in the end.
You're gonna have to decide
for yourselves.
I can't do it for you.
It has to end this way.
You don't have much time.